W-17017575-insights-hyperforce-duke (#314)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/include-insights-charts.adoc

URL:: 
URL of this deployed Mule app

//TODO: Runtime -> Runtime Version (SATHISH)
Runtime::
Mule runtime engine version of this Mule app

Replicas::
Virtual core fraction and count for this Mule app, for example, *0.1 vCores x 1* (= 10% of 1 vCore)

Last Updated::
Date-time stamp for the last update or redeployment of this Mule app
//end::app-detail-header[]
//
//
// APP DETAIL: Overview tab
//tag::app-detail-overview[]

//  shared metric in Overview tab
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="average-latency"]
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="p95-latency"]
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="total-requests"]

//TODO: Messages -> Message (SATHISH)
Mule Messages Volume::
Total Mule message count for this app
+
For information about Mule messages, see xref:mule-runtime::about-mule-event.adoc[].

//  shared metric in Overview tab
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="request-latency"]

Inbound Request Volume::
Total number of inbound requests to this app at specific time points
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//  shared metric in Overview tab
Failed Inbound Request Volume::

> Count of unsuccessful inbound requests at specific time points

Author: ```suggestion
Total number of unsuccessful inbound requests at specific time points
```

//TODO: Url -> URL (SATHISH)
Implementation URL:: 
URL of deployed API integration

//TODO: Runtime version -> Runtime Version (SATHISH)
//TODO: issue: value can be empty; SEE BOOKS API IN STGX (SATHISH)
//(SATHISH)
Runtime Version::
Mule Gateway or Flex Gateway runtime version used by the API implementation 

//TODO: issue: value can be empty; SEE BOOKS API IN STGX 
API Instance ID::
Instance identifier for an API implementation incorporated into a Flex Gateway or API Gateway runtime

//TODO: version -> Version (SATHISH)
API Version::
Version of the API implementation
+
For more information, see xref:api-manager::api-instance-landing-page.adoc[].
//end::api-detail-header[]
//-----------------------//
//
//-------------------------
// API DETAILS: Overview tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-overview[]

//shared Overview metric
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="average-latency"]

//shared Overview metric
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="p95-latency"]

//shared Overview metric
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="total-requests"]

> //TODO: issue: 2 charts named Policy Violations
> //TODO: Policy Violations -> Policy Violation Count (or similar) (SATHISH)

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: issue: 2 charts named Policy Violations
//TODO: Policy Violations -> Policy Violation Count (or similar) (SATHISH)
```
@sathishpaulleo

//provides includes for reference sections in anypoint-insights.adoc 

//-----------------------//
// APP DETAIL HEADER INFO:
//tag::app-detail-header[]
Type::
Mule application type (*Application*)

Status::
Status code that indicates whether this Mule app is running or in some other xref:runtime-manager::managing-deployed-applications.adoc#status_states[state]
+
This code comes from Runtime Manager.

URL:: 
URL of this deployed Mule app

//TODO: Runtime -> Runtime Version (SATHISH)
Runtime::
Mule runtime engine version of this Mule app

Replicas::

> Virtual core fraction and count for this Mule app, for example, *0.1 vCores x 1* (= 10% of 1 vCore)

Reviewer: Bold doesn't get translated. OK?

Author: That is what people would see in the UI for that core measurement. So bold is ok here.

Last Updated::
Date-time stamp for the last update or redeployment of this Mule app
//end::app-detail-header[]
//
//
// APP DETAIL: Overview tab
//tag::app-detail-overview[]

//  shared metric in Overview tab

> include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="average-latency"]

Reviewer: Includes within includes maybe not a good idea?

Author: The files in this folder all have the prefix "include-". It's not an include in an include.

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::app-detail-errors[]
//-----------------------//
//
//-----------------------//
// APP DETAIL JVM: JVM tab
//tag::app-detail-jvm[]
//TODO: Old Gen GC Count -> Old Generation Garbage Collection Count (SATHISH)
Old Gen GC Count::
Total number of times old generation Java garbage collection occurred
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO: Old Gen GC Duration -> Old Generation Garbage Collection Duration (SATHISH)
Old Gen GC Duration::
Amount of time taken for old generation Java garbage collection
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO: Young Gen GC Count -> Young Generation Garbage Collection Count (SATHISH)
Young Gen GC Count::
Total number of times young generation Java garbage collection occurred
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO: Young Gen GC Duration -> Young Generation Garbage Collection Duration (SATHISH)
Young Gen GC Duration::
Amount of time taken for young generation Java garbage collection
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

> Heap Committed::

Reviewer: All this stuff reminds me of stuff in [RTM](https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/monitoring-dashboards). Are they the same? If so, can we consolidate or share?

Author: Can look into it at some point after release. I noticed some charts with the same names after the fact, but same name may not mean same data. There are likely some overlapping charts, but we'd have to know if the data that the tables are capturing is from the same source (and/or that the values couldn't differ based on the ways it's aggregated, etc.). Not something we can do now though.

Author: @dukesphere (create wi)

Author: [W-17361464](https://gus.lightning.force.com/a07EE000026JsovYAC)

Amount of memory the JVM guarantees to be available for the heap
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Heap Usage::
Amount of physical memory used
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Thread Count::
Number of active threads currently running in the JVM
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Committed Virtual Memory::
Amount of virtual memory the operating systems guarantees to be available for the JVM
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

CPU Utilization::
CPU work as a percentage of total CPU time
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::app-detail-jvm[]
//------------------------------------------------------//

//========================//
//API DETAILS: ALL METRICS//
//========================//
//
// API DETAILS: Header-level metrics
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-header[]

//TODO: Api -> API (SATHISH)
Type::

> API implementation type (*API*)

Reviewer: Just checking that API is bold because it's a UI element.

Author: Yes, that's what people see in the UI.

//TODO: verify for Insights; info is from API Manager docs (SATHISH)
Status::
Status code that indicates whether the governance policies and SLA tiers are functional (*Active*) or not
+

> For all codes, see information on xref:api-manager::latest-overview-concept.adoc#what-api-manager-looks-like[tracking registration status] in the API Manager UI documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all codes, see information about xref:api-manager::latest-overview-concept.adoc#what-api-manager-looks-like[tracking registration status] in the API Manager documentation.
```

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Request Volume::
Total number of requests to this API at specific time points
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Failed Requests::
Total number of unsuccessful requests to this API at specific time points
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO: issue: 2 charts named Policy Violations (SATHISH)
Policy Violations::
Total number of requests rejected at specific time points because of API policy violations
+
For information about policies, see xref:api-manager::manage-policies-overview.adoc[].
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::api-detail-overview[]
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Requests tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-requests[]
Request Volume by HTTP Method::
Total number of requests at specific time points, grouped by the HTTP method used for the request
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Request Volume by Response Code::

> Total number of requests at specific time points, grouped by the response code (such as *2xx*)

Reviewer: Should the code be in monospace font?

Author: The codes are displayed like that in the UI bc the charts don't list every possible 2xx code.

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

// TODO: paths -> Paths (SATHISH)
// TODO: top 20 paths
Request Volume by Top N paths::
Total number of requests at specific time points from the 20 endpoints with the most requests
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::api-detail-requests[]
//------------------------------------------------------------//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Errors tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-errors[]
Failed Requests Volume by HTTP Method::
Total number of unsuccessful requests at specific time points, grouped by the HTTP method used
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

// TODO: downloads available?
Failed Requests Volume by Response Code::

> Total number of unsuccessful requests at specific time points, grouped by the response code (such as *2xx*)

Reviewer: font OK?

Author: yeah, same (in UI)

//end::api-detail-errors[]
//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Performance tab
//----------------------------
//tag::api-detail-performance[]

//TODO: issue: RESPONSE TIME UNIT MISSING from chart (SATHISH)
//
//can download as CSV, XLS
Top 20 Paths by Average Response Time::
Average response time of the 20 most requested endpoints 
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO: 95p (to standardize) or capitalize "percentile" -> "Percentile" (SATHISH)
//TODO: issue: missing time units on X axis
//TODO: issue: duplication of time values along the X axis
//You can download as CSV, XLS
Top 20 Paths by 95th Percentile Response Time::
95th percentile value for each of the 20 most requested endpoints
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::api-detail-performance[]
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Client Applications tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-client-apps[]
Request Volume by Location::

> Maps with the number of requests to geographic areas across the globe

Reviewer: Do you need "across the globe"?

Author: Yes, something like that because it's a complete world map, not an isolated region, such as the US.

+

> You can click the request volume number on the map to get more detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the request volume number on the map to get more detailed information.
```

Author: Intentionally like that bc this is optional, not a step they have to do. Just informational, might be nice to know thing.

//end::api-detail-client-apps[]
//-------------------------------------------------------------//

//========================//
//SHARED in multiple lists (Apps and APIs):
//========================//
//
// shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::average-latency[]
Average Latency::
Average latency, in milliseconds (ms), for requests to this entity
//end::average-latency[]
//
// shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::p95-latency[]
P95 Latency::
Latency value, in milliseconds (ms), for 95th percentile (p95) request for this entity
//end::p95-latency[]
//
//  shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::total-requests[]
//TODO: Requests -> Request" (SATHISH)
Total Requests Volume::
Total number of requests to this entity
//end::total-requests[]
//
//  shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::request-latency[]
Request Latency::

> Latency, in milliseconds (ms), at specific time points for the average request and the p90, p95, and p99 percentile requests

Reviewer: Global: do you need "points"? Can you say "specific times"?

Author: These are on graphs, so I want to emphasize that the numbers are for specific points on the x axis (vs all-time totals, for ex), and those points are represented as times.

//provides includes for reference sections in anypoint-insights.adoc 

//-----------------------//
// APP DETAIL HEADER INFO:
//tag::app-detail-header[]
Type::
Mule application type (*Application*)

Status::
Status code that indicates whether this Mule app is running or in some other xref:runtime-manager::managing-deployed-applications.adoc#status_states[state]
+
This code comes from Runtime Manager.

URL:: 
URL of this deployed Mule app

> //TODO: Runtime -> Runtime Version (SATHISH)
> Runtime::
> Mule runtime engine version of this Mule app

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Runtime -> Runtime Version (SATHISH)
Runtime::
Mule runtime engine version of this Mule app
```
@sathishpaulleo

Replicas::
Virtual core fraction and count for this Mule app, for example, *0.1 vCores x 1* (= 10% of 1 vCore)

Last Updated::

> Date-time stamp for the last redeployment of this Mule app

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we can simplify this by saying `date-time at which the Mule application was last updated`. The fact that redeployment happens when the app is changed is a subtle implementation detail that the user may or may not care about.

Author: @sathishpaulleo We talked about this, and it turns out that any redeployment, even without any other change, counts as an update. How about this, instead? 

```suggestion
Date-time stamp for the last update or redeployment of this Mule app
```

+

> This stamp comes from Runtime Manager data.

Reviewer 2: Can we drop line 27? Is that even necessary?

> This stamp comes from Runtime Manager data.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> +
> This stamp comes from Runtime Manager data.

Author: ```suggestion
```

//end::app-detail-header[]
//
//
// APP DETAIL: Overview tab
//tag::app-detail-overview[]

//  shared metric in Overview tab
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="average-latency"]
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="p95-latency"]
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="total-requests"]

> //TODO: Messages -> Message (SATHISH)
> Mule Messages Volume::
> Total Mule message count for this app

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Messages -> Message (SATHISH)
Mule Messages Volume::
Total Mule message count for this app
```
@sathishpaulleo

+
For information about Mule messages, see xref:mule-runtime::about-mule-event.adoc[].

//  shared metric in Overview tab
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="request-latency"]

Inbound Request Volume::

> Inbound request count at specific time points

Reviewer 2: how about `Total number of inbound requests received by the application for the selected time duration`?

Author: I'm leaving out "for the selected time duration" because that is explained for every chart in the intro, and it would need to be added to every description, but it doesn't differentiate the chart data. And note that the totals for data points are collected at specific time points. 

```suggestion
Total number of inbound requests to this app at specific time points
```

Author: @sathishpaulleo

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//  shared metric in Overview tab
Failed Inbound Request Volume::

> Count of unsuccessful inbound requests at specific time points

Reviewer 2: How about `Total number of unsuccessful inbound requests for the selected time duration`?

Author: Same thing. The totals are captured not for the time duration but at specific time points.

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//  shared metric in Overview tab
Mule Messages::
Mule message count for this Mule app at specific time points
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
+
For information about Mule messages, see xref:mule-runtime::about-mule-event.adoc[].
//end::app-detail-overview[]
//---------------------------------------------------------------------------------//
//
//---------------------------------------------------------------------------------//
// APP DETAIL REQUESTS: Requests tab
//tag::app-detail-requests[]
Inbound Request Volume::
Inbound request count total, which you can group by response time or protocol 
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Outbound Request Volume::

> Outbound request count total, which you can group by response time, protocol, or by the 20 hosts (such as an Object Store or a `cloudhub.io` address) with the most outbound requests 

Reviewer 2: How about `Total number of outbound requests made by the application in the selected time duration, with options to group by protocol, response type or by Top 20 hosts`? I am not sure if citing example of name of `host` in documentation is very helpful (it is very customer specific).

Author: Customers ask us for examples, so I think it can be helpful to describe what's meant.

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO: requests -> Requests (SATHISH)
Top Slowest Requests by Path::

> Up to 20 endpoints with the slowest requests

Reviewer 2: How about `Chart showing the Top 20 slowest endpoints in the Application`? I am not sure if we want to document the 25ms threshold that we use under-the-hood in the query to identify what a "slow" request is.

We also need to get this threshold value confirmed with Rajesh.

Author: ```suggestion
The 20 slowest endpoints in this app
```

> //TODO: requests -> Requests (SATHISH)
> Top Slowest Requests by Path::
> Up to 20 endpoints with the slowest requests
> +
> The requests must take more than 25ms. If no data is available, then no requests take more than 25ms to process.
> +
> include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: requests -> Requests (SATHISH)
Top Slowest Requests by Path::
Up to 20 endpoints with the slowest requests
+
The requests must take more than 25ms. If no data is available, then no requests take more than 25ms to process.
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
```
@sathishpaulleo

Request Latency by Endpoint::
Inbound or outbound latency, in milliseconds, by endpoint
+

> The chart captures the average latency and the latency value of requests at the p50, p75, p90, p95, and p99 percentiles.

Reviewer 2: This one is actually a table and not a chart.

> The chart captures the average latency and the latency value of requests at the p50, p75, p90, p95, and p99 percentiles.

Author: ```suggestion
The table captures the average latency and the latency value of requests at the p50, p75, p90, p95, and p99 percentiles.
```

 
//end::app-detail-requests[]
//-----------------------//
//
//-----------------------//
//  APP DETAIL ERRORS: Errors tab
//tag::app-detail-errors[]
Failed Outbound Request Volume::

> Number of failed outbound requests at specific time points

Reviewer 2: Like before, how about we update this to
`Total number of unsuccessful outbound requests made by the application for the selected time duration`?

> Number of failed outbound requests at specific time points

Author: ```suggestion
Total number of failed outbound requests at specific time points
```

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Top 20 Failed Requests by Total Count::

> Number of inbound or outbound requests to the 20 endpoints with the most failed requests

Reviewer 2: How about `Chart showing the Top 20 endpoints in the Application ordered by the count of failed inbound requests`?

> Number of inbound or outbound requests to the 20 endpoints with the most failed requests

Author: ```suggestion
Total number of inbound or outbound requests to the 20 endpoints with the most failed requests
```

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Top 20 Failed Outbound Requests by Total Count::

> Number of unsuccessful outbound requests to the 20 endpoints with the most failed requests

Reviewer 2: How about `Chart showing the Top 20 endpoints in the Application ordered by the count of failed output requests`?

Author: I'm not sure how this suggestion differs from the description, tbh. This is the short description below the chart name.

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::app-detail-errors[]
//-----------------------//
//
//-----------------------//
// APP DETAIL JVM: JVM tab
//tag::app-detail-jvm[]

> //TODO: Old Gen GC Count -> Old Generation Garbage Collection Count (SATHISH)
> Old Gen GC Count::
> Number of times old generation Java garbage collection occurred
> +
> include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Old Gen GC Count -> Old Generation Garbage Collection Count (SATHISH)
Old Gen GC Count::
Number of times old generation Java garbage collection occurred
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
```
@sathishpaulleo

> //TODO: Old Gen GC Duration -> Old Generation Garbage Collection Duration (SATHISH)
> Old Gen GC Duration::
> Amount of time taken for old generation Java garbage collection
> +
> include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Old Gen GC Duration -> Old Generation Garbage Collection Duration (SATHISH)
Old Gen GC Duration::
Amount of time taken for old generation Java garbage collection
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
```
@sathishpaulleo

> //TODO: Young Gen GC Count -> Young Generation Garbage Collection Count (SATHISH)
> Young Gen GC Count::
> Number of times young generation Java garbage collection occurred
> +
> include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Young Gen GC Count -> Young Generation Garbage Collection Count (SATHISH)
Young Gen GC Count::
Number of times young generation Java garbage collection occurred
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
```
@sathishpaulleo

> //TODO: Young Gen GC Duration -> Young Generation Garbage Collection Duration (SATHISH)
> Young Gen GC Duration::
> Amount of time taken for young generation Java garbage collection
> +
> include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Young Gen GC Duration -> Young Generation Garbage Collection Duration (SATHISH)
Young Gen GC Duration::
Amount of time taken for young generation Java garbage collection
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
```
@sathishpaulleo

Heap Committed::
Amount of physical memory committed to the JVM
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Heap Usage::
Amount of physical memory used
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Thread Count::
//TODO: QUESTION: threads that are available or used??? (SATHISH)

> Number of threads for simultaneous requests

Reviewer 2: @vimil-saju thoughts on this one?

> //TODO: QUESTION: threads that are available or used??? (SATHISH)
> Number of threads for simultaneous requests
> +
> include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: QUESTION: threads that are available or used??? (SATHISH)
Number of threads for simultaneous requests
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
```
@sathishpaulleo

Committed Virtual Memory::
Amount of memory (in MB) committed to the JVM
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

CPU Utilization::

> CPU work as a percentage of total CPU time

Reviewer 2: I can't quite put a finger on this one, but is this description accurate?

Author: Yes, I got it from several sources, but anyone else is free to check.

Author: @vimil-saju

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::app-detail-jvm[]
//------------------------------------------------------//

//========================//
//API DETAILS: ALL METRICS//
//========================//
//
// API DETAILS: Header-level metrics
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-header[]

> //TODO: Api -> API (SATHISH)
> Type::
> API implementation type (*API*)

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Api -> API (SATHISH)
Type::
API implementation type (*API*)
```
@sathishpaulleo

> //TODO: verify for Insights; info is from API Manager docs (SATHISH)
> Status::
> Status code that indicates whether the governance policies and SLA tiers are functional (*Active*) or not
> +
> For all codes, see information on xref:api-manager::latest-overview-concept.adoc#what-api-manager-looks-like[tracking registration status] in the API Manager UI documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: verify for Insights; info is from API Manager docs (SATHISH)
Status::
Status code that indicates whether the governance policies and SLA tiers are functional (*Active*) or not
+
For all codes, see information on xref:api-manager::latest-overview-concept.adoc#what-api-manager-looks-like[tracking registration status] in the API Manager UI documentation.
```
@sathishpaulleo

> //TODO: Url -> URL (SATHISH)
> Implementation URL:: 
> URL of deployed API integration

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Url -> URL (SATHISH)
Implementation URL:: 
URL of deployed API integration
```
@sathishpaulleo

> //TODO: Runtime version -> Runtime Version (SATHISH)
> //TODO: issue: value can be empty; SEE BOOKS API IN STGX (SATHISH)
> //(SATHISH)
> Runtime Version::
> Mule Gateway or Flex Gateway runtime version used by the API implementation 

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Runtime version -> Runtime Version (SATHISH)
//TODO: issue: value can be empty; SEE BOOKS API IN STGX (SATHISH)
//(SATHISH)
Runtime Version::
Mule Gateway or Flex Gateway runtime version used by the API implementation 
```
@sathishpaulleo

> //TODO: issue: value can be empty; SEE BOOKS API IN STGX 
> API Instance ID::
> Instance identifier for an API implementation incorporated into a Flex Gateway or API Gateway runtime

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: issue: value can be empty; SEE BOOKS API IN STGX 
API Instance ID::
Instance identifier for an API implementation incorporated into a Flex Gateway or API Gateway runtime
```
@sathishpaulleo

> //TODO: version -> Version (SATHISH)
> API Version::
> Version of the API implementation
> +
> For more information, see xref:api-manager::api-instance-landing-page.adoc[].

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: version -> Version (SATHISH)
API Version::
Version of the API implementation
+
For more information, see xref:api-manager::api-instance-landing-page.adoc[].
```
@sathishpaulleo

//end::api-detail-header[]
//-----------------------//
//
//-------------------------
// API DETAILS: Overview tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-overview[]

//shared Overview metric
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="average-latency"]

//shared Overview metric
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="p95-latency"]

//shared Overview metric
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="total-requests"]

> //TODO: issue: 2 charts named Policy Violations
> //TODO: Policy Violations -> Policy Violation Count (or similar) (SATHISH)
> Policy Violations::
> Number of requests blocked because of API policy violations

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: issue: 2 charts named Policy Violations
//TODO: Policy Violations -> Policy Violation Count (or similar) (SATHISH)
Policy Violations::
Number of requests blocked because of API policy violations
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: Ask API Manager folks. See Slack

> Number of requests blocked because of API policy violations

Reviewer 2: Isnt it better to just say `Number of times the policies setup for this API entity have been violated`? I am not sure if it is safe to say that the request will be blocked if the policy is violated.

Author: Why?

Request Latency::
Latency, in milliseconds, for requests to this API at specific time points
+
The chart provides values for the average latency and the p90, p95, p99 percentiles. 
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Request Volume::
Number of requests to this API at specific time points
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Failed Requests::
Number of unsuccessful requests to this API at specific time points
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO: issue: 2 charts named Policy Violations (SATHISH)
Policy Violations::

> Number of requests blocked at specific time points because of API policy violations

Reviewer 2: Same as above, perhaps it is better to just state `Total number of policy violations in the selected time duration`.

Author: same thing "time duration": the totals are at specific time points in the chart, not for the time period as a whole, which could be assumed by the phrase "selected time duration"

Author: Same issue

> //TODO: issue: 2 charts named Policy Violations (SATHISH)
> Policy Violations::
> Number of requests blocked at specific time points because of API policy violations
> +
> For information about policies, see xref:api-manager::manage-policies-overview.adoc[].

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: issue: 2 charts named Policy Violations (SATHISH)
Policy Violations::
Number of requests blocked at specific time points because of API policy violations
+
For information about policies, see xref:api-manager::manage-policies-overview.adoc[].
```
@sathishpaulleo

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::api-detail-overview[]
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Requests tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-requests[]
Request Volume by HTTP Method::
Number of requests at specific time points, grouped by the HTTP method used for the request
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Request Volume by Response Code::
Number of requests at specific time points, grouped by the response code (such as *2xx*)
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

> // TODO: paths -> Paths (SATHISH)
> // TODO: top 20 paths
> Request Volume by Top N paths::
> Number of requests at specific time points from the 20 endpoints with the most requests
> +
> include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Author: ```suggestion
// TODO: paths -> Paths (SATHISH)
// TODO: top 20 paths
Request Volume by Top N paths::
Number of requests at specific time points from the 20 endpoints with the most requests
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
```
@sathishpaulleo

//end::api-detail-requests[]
//------------------------------------------------------------//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Errors tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-errors[]
Failed Requests Volume by HTTP Method::
Number of unsuccessful requests specific time points, grouped by the HTTP method used
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

> // TODO: downloads available?
> Failed Requests Volume by Response Code::
> Number of unsuccessful requests specific time points, grouped by the response code (such as *2xx*)
> +

Author: ```suggestion
// TODO: downloads available?
Failed Requests Volume by Response Code::
Number of unsuccessful requests specific time points, grouped by the response code (such as *2xx*)
+
```
@sathishpaulleo

include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

> // TODO: paths -> Paths and "N" to "20" if that's the limit (SATHISH)
> Failed Requests by Top N Paths::
> Number of unsuccessful requests at specific time points from the 20 endpoints with the most requests

Author: ```suggestion
// TODO: paths -> Paths and "N" to "20" if that's the limit (SATHISH)
Failed Requests by Top N Paths::
Number of unsuccessful requests at specific time points from the 20 endpoints with the most requests
```
@sathishpaulleo

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//end::api-detail-errors[]
//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Performance tab
//----------------------------
//tag::api-detail-performance[]

> //TODO: issue: RESPONSE TIME UNIT MISSING from chart (SATHISH)
> //
> //can download as CSV, XLS
> Top 20 Paths by Average Response Time::
> Average response time of the 20 most requested endpoints 

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: issue: RESPONSE TIME UNIT MISSING from chart (SATHISH)
//
//can download as CSV, XLS
Top 20 Paths by Average Response Time::
Average response time of the 20 most requested endpoints 
```
@sathishpaulleo

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

> //TODO: 95p (to standardize) or capitalize "percentile" -> "Percentile" (SATHISH)
> //TODO: issue: missing time units on X axis
> //TODO: issue: duplication of time values along the X axis
> //You can download as CSV, XLS
> Top 20 Paths by 95th Percentile Response Time::
> 95th percentile value for each of the 20 most requested endpoints

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: 95p (to standardize) or capitalize "percentile" -> "Percentile" (SATHISH)
//TODO: issue: missing time units on X axis
//TODO: issue: duplication of time values along the X axis
//You can download as CSV, XLS
Top 20 Paths by 95th Percentile Response Time::
95th percentile value for each of the 20 most requested endpoints
```
@sathishpaulleo

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::api-detail-performance[]
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Client Applications tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-client-apps[]
Request Volume by Location::
Maps with the number of requests to geographic areas across the globe
+
You can click the request volume number on the map to get more detailed information.
//end::api-detail-client-apps[]
//-------------------------------------------------------------//

//========================//
//SHARED in multiple lists (Apps and APIs):
//========================//
//
// shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::average-latency[]
Average Latency::
Average latency, in milliseconds (ms), for requests to this entity
//end::average-latency[]
//
// shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::p95-latency[]
P95 Latency::
Latency value, in milliseconds (ms), for 95th percentile (p95) request for this entity
//end::p95-latency[]
//
//  shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::total-requests[]

> //TODO: Requests -> Request" (SATHISH)
> Total Requests Volume::
> Total number of requests to this entity

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: Requests -> Request" (SATHISH)
Total Requests Volume::
Total number of requests to this entity
```
@sathishpaulleo

Number of unsuccessful requests over time, grouped by the HTTP method used
//+
//include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

// TODO: downloads available?
Failed Requests Volume by Response Code::
Number of unsuccessful requests over time, grouped by the response code (such as *2xx*)
//+
//include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

// TODO: capitalize "paths" -> "Paths" and "N" to "20" if that's the limit (SATHISH)
// TODO: downloads available?
Failed Requests by Top N paths::
Number of unsuccessful requests over time from endpoints with the most requests
//+
//include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//end::api-detail-errors[]
//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Performance tab
//----------------------------
//tag::api-detail-performance[]

//TODO: RESPONSE TIME UNIT MISSING from chart
//can download as CSV, XLS
Top 20 Paths by Average Response Time::
Average response time of the 20 most requested endpoints. 
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO: 95p or capitalize "percentile" -> "Percentile"

> //TODO:  Can we say "Bottom 95p Response Time" or similar?

Author: ```suggestion
```

//You can download as CSV, XLS
Top 20 Paths by 95th percentile Response Time::

> 95th percentile value for each of the 20 most requested endpoints

Author: TODO: 95th Percentile -> p95

Author: compute p95 for each endpoint and then return the top 20 endpoint response time -- gives the p95 value for those

//-----------------------//
// APP DETAIL HEADER INFO:
//tag::app-detail-header[]
Type::
Mule application type (*Application*)

Status::
Status code that indicates whether a Mule app is running or in some other xref:runtime-manager::managing-deployed-applications.adoc#status_states[state]
+
This code comes from Runtime Manager.

URL:: 
URL of this Mule app
//TODO: suggest Runtime Version conform on Runtime (App) vs. Runtime Version (API)

Runtime::
Mule runtime engine version of this Mule app

Replicas::
Virtual core fraction and count of this Mule app, for example, *0.1 vCores x 1* (= 10% of 1 vCore)

Last Updated::
Date-time stamp for the last redeployment of this Mule app
+
This stamp comes from Runtime Manager data.
//end::app-detail-header[]
//
//
// APP DETAIL: Overview tab
//tag::app-detail-overview[]

//  shared metric in Overview tab
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="average-latency"]
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="p95-latency"]
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="total-requests"]

//TODO: change to Mule Message Volume (SATHISH)
Mule Messages Volume::

> Total Mule message count for this app

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: change to Mule Message Volume (SATHISH)
Mule Messages Volume::
Total Mule message count for this app
```

Missed this one in the mtg, @sathishpaulleo (Messages -> Message)

//tag::app-detail-requests[]
//  can group by protocol, response time or not group at all
//  can download as CSV, XLS
Inbound Request Volume::
Inbound request count total, which you can group by response time or protocol 
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//  can group by protocol, response time or not group at all
//  can download as CSV, XLS
Outbound Request Volume::
Outbound request count total, which you can group by response time, protocol, or by up to 20 hosts (such as an Object Store or a `cloudhub.io` address) with the most outbound requests 
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO_TODO: WHICH SLOWEST? (SATHISH)
//TODO_TODO: FIX "requests" -> "Requests"
Top Slowest requests by Path::
Up to 20 endpoints with requests that last more than 25ms
+
If no data is available, then no requests take more than 25ms to process.
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//TODO_TODO: TBD if can download as CSV, XLS an other details
//+
//include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//  NOTE: looks like you _can't_ download as CSV, XLS
Request Latency by Endpoint::

> Inbound or outbound latency, in milliseconds, by endpoint

Author: This one has a dropdown called *Group By* but it's not really grouping the data. It's displaying either outbound or inbound latency data but not plotting out both at the same time.

Author: ```suggestion
Request Latency by Endpoint::
Inbound or outbound latency, in milliseconds, by endpoint
```

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg (label Group By is not quite accurate)

 
//end::app-detail-requests[]
//-----------------------//
//
//-----------------------//
//  APP DETAIL ERRORS: Errors tab
//tag::app-detail-errors[]
Failed Outbound Request Volume::
Number of failed outbound requests over time
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Top 20 Failed Requests by Total Count::
Number of inbound or outbound requests to the 20 endpoints with the most failed requests
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Top 20 Failed Outbound Requests by Total Count::
Number of failed outbound requests to the 20 endpoints with the most failed requests
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::app-detail-errors[]
//-----------------------//
//
//-----------------------//
// APP DETAIL JVM: JVM tab
//tag::app-detail-jvm[]
//TODO: clarify name (SATHISH)

> Old Gen GC Count::

Author: Can we spell this out to something like

Old Generation Garbage Collection Count 

@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg

Number of times old generation Java garbage collection occurred
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO: clarify name (SATHISH)

> Old Gen GC Duration::

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: clarify name (SATHISH)
Old Gen GC Duration::
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: Can we spell this out to something like

Old Generation Garbage Collection Duration

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg

Amount of time taken for old generation Java garbage collection
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO: clarify name (SATHISH)

> Young Gen GC Count::

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: clarify name (SATHISH)
Young Gen GC Count::
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: Can we spell this out to something like

Young Generation Garbage Collection Count

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg

Number of times young generation Java garbage collection occurred
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO: clarify name (SATHISH)

> Young Gen GC Duration::

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: clarify name (SATHISH)
Young Gen GC Duration::
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: Can we spell this out to something like

Young Generation Garbage Collection Duration

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg

Committed Virtual Memory::
Amount of memory (in MB) committed to the JVM
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

CPU Utilization::
CPU work as a percentage of total CPU time
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::app-detail-jvm[]
//------------------------------------------------------//

//========================//
//API DETAILS: ALL METRICS//
//========================//
//
// API DETAILS: Header-level metrics
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-header[]

//TODO: change to API (SATHISH)
Type::
API implementation type (*Api*)

Status::
Status code that indicates whether the governance policies and SLA tiers are functional (*Active*) or not
+
For all codes, see information on xref:api-manager::latest-overview-concept.adoc#what-api-manager-looks-like[tracking registration status] in the API Manager UI documentation.

Implementation URL:: 
URL of deployed API integration

//TODO: suggest Runtime Version conform on Runtime (App) vs. Runtime Version (API)
//TODO:what If the runtime version is empty... (SEE BOOKS API IN STGX)
//TODO: capitalize "version"?
//(SATHISH)
Runtime version::

> Mule Gateway or Flex Gateway runtime version used by the API implementation 

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg

- //TODO: suggest Runtime Version conform on Runtime (App) vs. Runtime Version (API)
- //TODO:what If the runtime version is empty... (SEE BOOKS API IN STGX)
- //TODO: capitalize "version"?

@sathishpaulleo

Author: issue: API runtime version can be empty.

//end::api-detail-header[]
//-----------------------//
//
//-------------------------
// API DETAILS: Overview tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-overview[]

//shared Overview metric
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="average-latency"]

//shared Overview metric
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="p95-latency"]

//shared Overview metric
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="total-requests"]

//TODO_TODO: to avoid duplication (see chart with same name this one) CHANGE NAME to something like Policy Violation Volume (or similar)
Policy Violations::
Number of API policy violations

Request Volume::
Request count over time
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Failed Requests::
Unsuccessful request count over time
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO_TODO: WHICH POLICIES, which APIs (incorporated into a Mule API Gateway?), and WHAT TRIGGERS the violation (SATHISH)
//TODO: For information about Mule gateway policies, see TODO
//TODO: TBD: can you download as CSV, XLS??
Policy Violations::

> API policy violation count over time

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO_TODO: WHICH POLICIES, which APIs (incorporated into a Mule API Gateway?), and WHAT TRIGGERS the violation (SATHISH)
//TODO: For information about Mule gateway policies, see TODO
//TODO: TBD: can you download as CSV, XLS??
Policy Violations::
API policy violation count over time
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg

- //TODO_TODO: WHICH POLICIES, which APIs (incorporated into a Mule API Gateway?), and WHAT TRIGGERS the violation (SATHISH)

Author: requests that don't get through due to a policy violation (comes from APIM)

// API DETAILS: Errors tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-errors[]
// TODO: downloads available?
Failed Requests Volume by HTTP Method::
Number of unsuccessful requests over time, grouped by the HTTP method used
//+
//include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

// TODO: downloads available?
Failed Requests Volume by Response Code::
Number of unsuccessful requests over time, grouped by the response code (such as *2xx*)
//+
//include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

// TODO: capitalize "paths" -> "Paths" and "N" to "20" if that's the limit (SATHISH)
// TODO: downloads available?
Failed Requests by Top N paths::
Number of unsuccessful requests over time from endpoints with the most requests
//+
//include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//end::api-detail-errors[]
//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Performance tab
//----------------------------
//tag::api-detail-performance[]

//TODO: RESPONSE TIME UNIT MISSING from chart
//can download as CSV, XLS
Top 20 Paths by Average Response Time::

> Average response time of the 20 most requested endpoints. 

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: RESPONSE TIME UNIT MISSING from chart
Top 20 Paths by Average Response Time::
Average response time of the 20 most requested endpoints. 
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg (time unit missing from chart)

Author: units are ms

Author: issue: duplicate times in x axis (multiple 1s, 2s, etc.)

Maps the number of requests to geographic areas across the globe
+
You can click the request volume number on the map to get more detailed information.
//end::api-detail-client-apps[]
//-------------------------------------------------------------//

//========================//
//SHARED in multiple lists (Apps and APIs):
//========================//
//
// shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::average-latency[]
Average Latency::
Average request latency, in milliseconds (ms)
//end::average-latency[]
//
// shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::p95-latency[]
P95 Latency::
Average latency, in milliseconds (ms), of 95% (p95) of the requests
+
The latency of the remaining, uncounted 5% of requests is typically greater than the p95 value because calculation of this metric starts with the lowest latency value and progresses in ascending order before averaging the collected values.
//end::p95-latency[]
//
//  shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::total-requests[]
//TODO: "Requests" -> "Request", and can we remove "Volume"? or change to "Request Total"
Total Requests Volume::
Total number of requests
//end::total-requests[]
//
//  shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::request-latency[]

> Request Latency::

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg

- Issue: I can only select one group at a time; don't see trends for multiple selections, just last selected, such as p99

//provides includes for reference sections in anypoint-insights.adoc 

//-----------------------//
// APP DETAIL HEADER INFO:
//tag::app-detail-header[]
Type::
Mule application type (*Application*)

Status::
Status code that indicates whether a Mule app is running or in some other xref:runtime-manager::managing-deployed-applications.adoc#status_states[state]
+
This code comes from Runtime Manager.

URL:: 
URL of this Mule app

> //TODO: suggest Runtime Version conform on Runtime (App) vs. Runtime Version (API)
> 
> Runtime::
> Mule runtime engine version of this Mule app

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: suggest Runtime Version conform on Runtime (App) vs. Runtime Version (API)

Runtime::
Mule runtime engine version of this Mule app
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg (suggesting to make labels match for APIs and Apps)

> Replicas::
> Virtual core fraction and count of this Mule app, for example, *0.1 vCores x 1* (= 10% of 1 vCore)

Author: ```suggestion
Replicas::
Virtual core fraction and count of this Mule app, for example, *0.1 vCores x 1* (= 10% of 1 vCore)
```
pls verify description of Replicas, @sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg (just a verification of description)

+
For information about Mule messages, see xref:mule-runtime::about-mule-event.adoc[].
//end::app-detail-overview[]
//---------------------------------------------------------------------------------//
//
//---------------------------------------------------------------------------------//
// APP DETAIL REQUESTS: Requests tab
//tag::app-detail-requests[]
//  can group by protocol, response time or not group at all
//  can download as CSV, XLS
Inbound Request Volume::
Inbound request count total, which you can group by response time or protocol 
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//  can group by protocol, response time or not group at all
//  can download as CSV, XLS
Outbound Request Volume::
Outbound request count total, which you can group by response time, protocol, or by up to 20 hosts (such as an Object Store or a `cloudhub.io` address) with the most outbound requests 
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

//TODO_TODO: WHICH SLOWEST? (SATHISH)
//TODO_TODO: FIX "requests" -> "Requests"
Top Slowest requests by Path::
Up to 20 endpoints with requests that last more than 25ms
+

> If no data is available, then no requests take more than 25ms to process.

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO_TODO: WHICH SLOWEST? (SATHISH)
//TODO_TODO: FIX "requests" -> "Requests"
Top Slowest requests by Path::
Up to 20 endpoints with requests that last more than 25ms
+
If no data is available, then no requests take more than 25ms to process.
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg 
* how many/what number of paths are we capturing? 
* requests -> Requests

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//TODO_TODO: TBD if can download as CSV, XLS an other details
//+

> //include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO_TODO: TBD if can download as CSV, XLS an other details
//+
//include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
```

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg (are the downloads allowed for this chart?)

Author: yes, downloads

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

CPU Utilization::
CPU work as a percentage of total CPU time
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::app-detail-jvm[]
//------------------------------------------------------//

//========================//
//API DETAILS: ALL METRICS//
//========================//
//
// API DETAILS: Header-level metrics
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-header[]

//TODO: change to API (SATHISH)
Type::
API implementation type (*Api*)

Status::
Status code that indicates whether the governance policies and SLA tiers are functional (*Active*) or not
+
For all codes, see information on xref:api-manager::latest-overview-concept.adoc#what-api-manager-looks-like[tracking registration status] in the API Manager UI documentation.

Implementation URL:: 
URL of deployed API integration

//TODO: suggest Runtime Version conform on Runtime (App) vs. Runtime Version (API)
//TODO:what If the runtime version is empty... (SEE BOOKS API IN STGX)
//TODO: capitalize "version"?
//(SATHISH)
Runtime version::
Mule Gateway or Flex Gateway runtime version used by the API implementation 

> //  shared header metric
> include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag=entity-replicas]

Author: ```suggestion
```

> //TODO_TODO_TODO: What if empty but seems to be running?

Author: //TODO_TODO_TODO: What if value empty but API is Active?

@sathishpaulleo

API Instance ID::

> Instance identifier for an API implementation incorporated into a Flex Gateway or API Gateway runtime

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO_TODO_TODO: What if value empty but seems to be Active?
API Instance ID::
Instance identifier for an API implementation incorporated into a Flex Gateway or API Gateway runtime
```

@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg

- issue: What if value empty but seems to be Active?

Author: will send screenshots

> //TODO: capitalize "version"?

Author: //TODO: capitalize "version"?

> API version::

Author: //TODO_TODO_TODO: What if API Version value empty but API is Active?

@sathishpaulleo

> //TODO: capitalize "version"?
> API version::
> Version of the API implementation

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: capitalize "version"?
API version::
Version of the API implementation
```
for consistency @sathishpaulleo

+
For more information, see xref:api-manager::api-instance-landing-page.adoc[].
//end::api-detail-header[]
//-----------------------//
//
//-------------------------
// API DETAILS: Overview tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-overview[]

//shared Overview metric
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="average-latency"]

//shared Overview metric
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="p95-latency"]

//shared Overview metric
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="total-requests"]

> //TODO_TODO: to avoid duplication (see chart with same name this one) CHANGE NAME to something like Policy Violation Volume (or similar)

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO_TODO: to avoid duplication (see chart with same name this one) CHANGE NAME to something like Policy Violation Volume (or similar)
```
@sathishpaulleo

> //TODO_TODO: to avoid duplication (see chart with same name this one) CHANGE NAME to something like Policy Violation Volume (or similar)
> Policy Violations::
> Number of API policy violations

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO_TODO: to avoid duplication (see chart with same name this one) CHANGE NAME to something like Policy Violation Volume (or similar)
Policy Violations::
Number of API policy violations
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg

- issue: to avoid duplication (see chart with same name this one) CHANGE NAME to something like Policy Violation Volume (or similar)

Request Volume::
Request count over time
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Failed Requests::
Unsuccessful request count over time
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

> //TODO_TODO: WHICH POLICIES, which APIs (incorporated into a Mule API Gateway?), and WHAT TRIGGERS the violation (SATHISH)
> //TODO: For information about Mule gateway policies, see TODO
> //TODO: TBD: can you download as CSV, XLS??
> Policy Violations::
> API policy violation count over time
> //+
> //include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO_TODO: WHICH POLICIES, which APIs (incorporated into a Mule API Gateway?), and WHAT TRIGGERS the violation (SATHISH)
//TODO: For information about Mule gateway policies, see TODO
//TODO: TBD: can you download as CSV, XLS??
Policy Violations::
API policy violation count over time
//+
//include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
```
@sathishpaulleo

//end::api-detail-overview[]
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Requests tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-requests[]
Request Volume by HTTP Method::
Number of requests over time, grouped by the HTTP method used
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Request Volume by Response Code::
Number of requests over time, grouped by the response code (such as *2xx*)
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

> // TODO: capitalize "paths" -> "Paths" and "N" to "20" if that's the limit (SATHISH)
> Request Volume by Top N paths::
> Number of requests over time from endpoints with the most requests

Author: ```suggestion
// TODO: capitalize "paths" -> "Paths" and "N" to "20" if that's the limit (SATHISH)
Request Volume by Top N paths::
Number of requests over time from endpoints with the most requests
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg

- // TODO: capitalize "paths" -> "Paths" and "N" to "20" if that's the limit (SATHISH)

Author: Top N -> Top 20
up to the 20 most-requested paths

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::api-detail-requests[]
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Errors tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-errors[]

> // TODO: downloads available?
> Failed Requests Volume by HTTP Method::
> Number of unsuccessful requests over time, grouped by the HTTP method used
> //+
> //include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Author: ```suggestion
// TODO: downloads available?
Failed Requests Volume by HTTP Method::
Number of unsuccessful requests over time, grouped by the HTTP method used
//+
//include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg

- // TODO: downloads available?

Author: yes (if table, no, if chart, then yes)

> // TODO: downloads available?
> Failed Requests Volume by Response Code::
> Number of unsuccessful requests over time, grouped by the response code (such as *2xx*)
> //+
> //include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Author: ```suggestion
// TODO: downloads available?
Failed Requests Volume by Response Code::
Number of unsuccessful requests over time, grouped by the response code (such as *2xx*)
//+
//include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg (are CSV, XSL downloads available)

> // TODO: capitalize "paths" -> "Paths" and "N" to "20" if that's the limit (SATHISH)
> // TODO: downloads available?
> Failed Requests by Top N paths::
> Number of unsuccessful requests over time from endpoints with the most requests
> //+
> //include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

Author: ```suggestion
// TODO: capitalize "paths" -> "Paths" and "N" to "20" if that's the limit (SATHISH)
// TODO: downloads available?
Failed Requests by Top N paths::
Number of unsuccessful requests over time from endpoints with the most requests
//+
//include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg (need to know if downloads are available and suggested clarification of "Top N" if we have a set number)

Author: up to 20 endpoints with failed requests

//end::api-detail-errors[]
//
//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Performance tab
//----------------------------
//tag::api-detail-performance[]

> //TODO: RESPONSE TIME UNIT MISSING from chart
> //can download as CSV, XLS
> Top 20 Paths by Average Response Time::
> Average response time of the 20 most requested endpoints. 

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: RESPONSE TIME UNIT MISSING from chart
//can download as CSV, XLS
Top 20 Paths by Average Response Time::
Average response time of the 20 most requested endpoints. 
```
@sathishpaulleo

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

> //TODO: 95p or capitalize "percentile" -> "Percentile"
> //TODO:  Can we say "Bottom 95p Response Time" or similar?
> //You can download as CSV, XLS
> Top 20 Paths by 95th percentile Response Time::
> For the 20 most requested endpoints, the average response time of 95% of requests; the response time of the remaining 5% is typically greater than this number

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: 95p or capitalize "percentile" -> "Percentile"
//TODO: Response time units missing from chart 
Top 20 Paths by 95p Response Time::
For the 20 most requested endpoints, the average response time of 95% of requests; the response time of the remaining 5% is typically greater than this number
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg (time units missing from chart, plus suggested label revision)

//
//-------------------------------------------------------------//
// API DETAILS: Client Applications tab
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-client-apps[]
Request Volume by Location::
Maps the number of requests to geographic areas across the globe
+
You can click the request volume number on the map to get more detailed information.
//end::api-detail-client-apps[]
//-------------------------------------------------------------//

//========================//
//SHARED in multiple lists (Apps and APIs):
//========================//
//
// shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::average-latency[]
Average Latency::
Average request latency, in milliseconds (ms)
//end::average-latency[]
//
// shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::p95-latency[]
P95 Latency::
Average latency, in milliseconds (ms), of 95% (p95) of the requests
+
The latency of the remaining, uncounted 5% of requests is typically greater than the p95 value because calculation of this metric starts with the lowest latency value and progresses in ascending order before averaging the collected values.
//end::p95-latency[]
//
//  shared chart: Overview tab
//tag::total-requests[]

> //TODO: "Requests" -> "Request", and can we remove "Volume"? or change to "Request Total"
> Total Requests Volume::
> Total number of requests

Author: ```suggestion
//TODO: "Requests" -> "Request", and can we remove "Volume"? or change to "Request Total"
Total Requests Volume::
Total number of requests
```
@sathishpaulleo

Author: TODO: missed this one in the mtg

- //TODO: "Requests" -> "Request", and can we remove "Volume"? or change to "Request Total"

//provides includes for reference sections in anypoint-insights.adoc 

//-----------------------//
// APP DETAIL HEADER INFO:
//tag::app-detail-header[]
Type::
Mule application type (*Application*)

Status::
Status code that indicates whether a Mule app is running or in some other xref:runtime-manager::managing-deployed-applications.adoc#status_states[state]
+
This code comes from Runtime Manager.

> URL:: 

Author: Currently "Uri" in the UI (Mule app detail header)
Can we change to "URL"? @sathishpaulleo

Author: ```suggestion
URL:: 
```

URL of this Mule app
//TODO: suggest Runtime Version conform on Runtime (App) vs. Runtime Version (API)

Runtime::
Mule runtime engine version of this Mule app

> //  shared header metric
> include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag=entity-replicas]

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Replicas::

Author: pls verify, @sathishpaulleo

+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]

CPU Utilization::
CPU work as a percentage of total CPU time
+
include::partial$include-insights-charts.adoc[tag="download-as"]
//end::app-detail-jvm[]
//------------------------------------------------------//

//========================//
//API DETAILS: ALL METRICS//
//========================//
//
// API DETAILS: Header-level metrics
//-------------------------
//tag::api-detail-header[]

//TODO: change to API (SATHISH)
Type::
API implementation type (*Api*)

Status::
Status code that indicates whether the governance policies and SLA tiers are functional (*Active*) or not
+
For all codes, see information on xref:api-manager::latest-overview-concept.adoc#what-api-manager-looks-like[tracking registration status] in the API Manager UI documentation.

Implementation URL:: 
URL of deployed API integration

//TODO: suggest Runtime Version conform on Runtime (App) vs. Runtime Version (API)
//TODO:what If the runtime version is empty... (SEE BOOKS API IN STGX)
//TODO: capitalize "version"?
//(SATHISH)
Runtime version::
Mule Gateway or Flex Gateway runtime version used by the API implementation 

> //  shared header metric

Author: TODO: @dukesphere where is the entity-replicas tag defined? Is this missing from doc?
